so that you can do when you're pose different duty stations to pick from
so obviously talk to your family about where they'd like to go where
they'd like to move to it's gonna be different based on your current
situation you know if you're just a single individual then you're
pretty flexible on where you can go on the station it is just you
and a spouse yeah you're probably pretty flexible if you have to move
in the station elsewhere than where you're currently located unless
your spouse has a particular job to where it could be detrimental
to her career and moving in leaving from that area is is gonna put
her in a in a career situation and then of course once you have children
now you got to start thinking about moving them around from school
to school and where they're at in their scholastic endeavors is
is that going to affect them so how best can you work to keep kind of
a stable lifestyle while also making and progressing and hitting those
career milestones the biggest thing to do is just kind of talk
to your family about the different places you can be stationed at and
what looks good for for you guys as a whole